---
slug: init-release
title: Author's Note
authors: trisnox
---

Initial release note. This wiki is made for educational purposes. Usually, Lost Saga in-game/website doesn't contain enough information about hero/gear. That's why I made this wiki to gather all the data on heroes and gear data so that we could know more about its mechanics, property, and attributes.

Currently, I'm working alone. If you wish to contribute/suggest/fix (typo, incorrect information, missing information), you can contact me via `discord: trisnox`, submit [pull request](https://github.com/Trisnox/lost-saga-in-depth-info/pulls), or submit [issue](https://github.com/Trisnox/lost-saga-in-depth-info/issues). For discord, you can contact me through DMs or from a discord server directly, I urge you to not bring this subject on LSO Valofe discord server, thanks.

---
Small lore, everything starts where I had thought of extracting models from Lost Saga, that I later [turn it into animation](https://youtu.be/DLYl9QIcmUM).  After some though, almost all resource are available on that archive, this includes: hero data, gear, shop, PvP/PvE mode, and many more.

This file contains detailed information about said item, I was surprised by just looking at it knowing that no one knew about such information.

For instance: scientist helm lvl 3 doesn't give you damage bonus buff, but rather cause your attack to inflict a poison debuff when landing a hit on enemy. This poison lasts for .1s and every .05s enemy loses health for 2%.

Not even developer/GM would give such information, hence why I create this wiki to provide information to all Lost Saga player.